Branding & Audience section (#16)
osoc24/doco: project/brand.md

---
title: Branding
---
# Branding

For the project, we made an appropriate branding that is based on the [SOLID logo](https://solidproject.org). We did this by using several branding techniques commonly used to create a brand from scratch.

## 1. Personifying the product

> In order to differentiate our brand from Solid, we trying personifying our product by asking some thought-provoking questions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To differentiate our brand from Solid, we tried personifying our product by asking some thought-provoking questions:
```

> - If our product was a person, what would they wear to a party, how would they act on the party and what would be their favorite music?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If our product was a person, what would they wear to a party, how would they act at the party and what would be their favorite music?
```

> - If our product was a person, what would they wear to a party, how would they act on the party and what would be their favorite music?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If our product was a person, what would they wear to a party, how would they act on the party and what would their favorite music be?
```

> - If we need to associate our product with a season, what would this be?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If we had to associate our product with a season, which would it be?
```

## 2. Term association

> In order to find out which things or terms we associated with our product, we created a mindmap with terms that we associate with our product and objects we associate with those terms.

Reviewer 2: Rephrase to avoid repeating "terms we associated with our product" :)

![LOAMA Mindmap](../images/loama-mindmap.png)

> This gave us more insight in what we could use as a basis for naming our product. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This gave us more insight into what we could use as a basis for naming our product. 
```

## 3. Name
The name LOAMA is an acrynom:
> **L**inked **O**pen **A**ccess **M**anagement **A**pp 

> It's a technical way to describe our project, but the acronym *(Loama)* was an unexpected inspiration for our brand, as it became a basis for which we build our brand, crest and color palette.

Reviewer 2: Avoid repetition
```suggestion
It's a technical way to describe our project, but the acronym *(Loama)* was an unexpected inspiration for our project's identity, as it became a basis for which we build our brand, crest and color palette.
```

![Loama Crest](/loama-logo.svg)

## 4. Typography & Color Usage

> During the design process, we research and define a typography & color palette in order to have a consistent look & feel through the project. These elements were re-used within the design prototype, presentations, live demos and documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the design process, we researched and defined a typography & color palette in order to have a consistent look & feel through the project. These elements were re-used within the design prototype, presentations, live demos and documentation.
```

![Color Palette LOAMA](../images/color-palette.png)

> For our font, we've decided to use a monospace font *([Jetbrains Mono](https://www.jetbrains.com/lp/mono/))* for headers, wordmark or highlight text. This allowed us to give of an technological feeling and worked great in creating a contrast with our sans-serif font.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For our font, we've decided to use a monospace font *([Jetbrains Mono](https://www.jetbrains.com/lp/mono/))* for headers, wordmark or highlight text. This allowed us to give of a technological feeling and worked great in creating a contrast with our sans-serif font.
```

> For our font, we've decided to use a monospace font *([Jetbrains Mono](https://www.jetbrains.com/lp/mono/))* for headers, wordmark or highlight text. This allowed us to give of an technological feeling and worked great in creating a contrast with our sans-serif font.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For our font, we've decided to use a monospace font *([Jetbrains Mono](https://www.jetbrains.com/lp/mono/))* for headers, wordmark or highlighted text. This allows us to emit a technological feeling and worked great in creating a contrast with our sans-serif font.
```
